"Connecting You To A New World"

Good day potential investors,

My name is [Name], and I am here to present to you a revolutionary new communication network that combines the best of both old and new technologies. This network is designed to revolutionize the way we communicate, and it is something that has never been done before.

The network combines existing technologies such as GSM and the internet with new technologies such as ternary operation for smaller, faster, and more flexible data saving and sharing as well as promising technologies like DRM, socials, blockchain, encryption for access , sharing, consensus, and execution.

Introducing a revolutionary new network type has never been easy in the past, due to abrupt change that will happen with the way you connect with the world! Our new network type seamlessly connects multiple devices with different processor architictures, operating systems and across different network connections and creates a single core in which communication, data sharing such as files, folders, programs, and digital rights management such as password protection are all managed through a single window. 

This means no more juggling multiple accounts, no more worrying about data security and no more worrying about compatibility. Writing software using athernet is a unique expierence that can be developed to be more miscallenous or more automated. With athernet, you'll have access to a secure, reliable, and unified digital experience from any of your devices at any time. 

Servers are in this sense obselete as the uniqueness of the devcies connected to the network is what brings the networks' `charm` one full circle, accessing your data on any of your devices from any of your devices, regardless of hardware specs, type of data, or communication line. 
athernet in itself is a network. However, the network consists of many unique charm identifiers (uci) , in which the data associated with the `uci` is only avaliable on the same identity, thus, you can be sure that all of the data is yours, secured on your own device, and that you have full access to it when and where you need it. 

Our new internet, the athernet is the future of digital communication ONLY if used correctly, due to the
power the network provides as it is equipped with wide variety range of services & features, such as ::
	address
		the ability to securely store and share files & execute them
	balance, 
		view balance, transfer assets, network assets
	charm:
		uniqueness
	digital:
		the ability to communicate between 3+ addresses
	execs:
		the current available binaries

The athernet is the perfect way to stay connected and share data with your friends, family and colleagues. It is easy to use, secure and fast. whilst having complete control over your own data and to ensure data is also secure and private. while being more efficient and cost-effective than other networks.


Thank you for your time.